doc: Added information about Matter WP and OOP for Matter (#21313)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/getting_started/tools.rst

.. include:: ../../thread/tools.rst
    :start-after: ttm_shortdesc_start
    :end-before: ttm_shortdesc_end

.. _ug_matter_gs_tools_opp:

Online Power Profiler for Matter over Thread
********************************************

`Online Power Profiler for Matter over Thread`_ is a web tool that allows you to estimate the power consumption of your Matter devices.

> It provides a graphical interface for configuring the parameters of your device, such as TX power, voltage supply or ICD configuration and simulating its power consumption based on the simplified, theoretical model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides a graphical interface for configuring the parameters of your device, such as TX power, voltage supply, or ICD configuration and simulating its power consumption based on the simplified, theoretical model.
```

The tool supports the nRF52840, nRF5340 and nRF54L15 platforms.

> Online Power Profiler for Matter over Thread allows you to also estimate the power consumption of your device in a selected period of time and use the output for estimating the lifetime of a battery used as a power source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows you to also estimate the power consumption of your device in a selected period of time and use the output for estimating the lifetime of the battery used as a power source.
```
